Anteilnehmende Freundschaft macht das Glück strahlender und erleichtert das Unglück.(Marcus Tullius Cicero)
Der Humor ist der Regenschirm der Weisen.(Erich Kästner)
Ein schlechter Schriftsteller wird manchmal ein guter Kritiker, genauso wie man aus einem schlechten Wein einen guten Essig machen kann.(Henry de Montherlant)
Der Vorteil der Klugheit besteht darin, daß man sich dumm stellen kann. Das Gegenteil ist schon schwieriger.(Kurt Tucholsky)
Mathematik ist ein geistreicher Luxus.(Friedrich der Große)
Der Langsamste, der sein Ziel nicht aus den Augen verliert, geht noch immer geschwinder, als jener, der ohne Ziel umherirrt.(Gotthold Ephraim Lessing)
Fordere viel von dir selbst und erwarte wenig von den anderen. So wird dir Ärger erspart bleiben.(Konfuzius)
Beim Menschen ist kein Ding unmöglich, im Schlimmen wie im Guten.(Christian Morgenstern)
Wenn ein unordentlicher Schreibtisch einen unordentlichen Geist repräsentiert, was sagt dann ein leerer Schreibtisch über den Menschen, der ihn benutzt aus?(Albert Einstein)
Die Zukunft des Volkes hängt nicht von der Zahl der Kraftwagen ab, sondern von der Zahl der Kinderwagen.(Kardinal Josef Frings)
Wer sich seiner eigenen Kindheit nicht mehr deutlich erinnert, ist ein schlechter Erzieher.(Marie v. Ebner-Eschenbach)
Wie ist es möglich, daß die Mathematik, letztlich doch ein Produkt menschlichen Denkens unabhängig von der Erfahrung, den wirklichen Gegebenheiten so wunderbar entspricht?(Albert Einstein) 
Ehe: gegenseitige Freiheitsberaubung im beiderseitigen Einvernehmen.(Oscar Wilde)
Wer der Geometrie begreift, vermag in dieser Welt alles zu verstehen.(Galileo Galilei)
Denken, das heißt unterscheiden. (Clarence Seward Darrow)
Wenn auf der Erde die Liebe herrschte, wären alle Gesetze entbehrlich.(Aristoteles)
Wir leben alle unter dem gleichen Himmel, aber wir haben nicht alle den gleichen Horizont.(Konrad Adenauer)
Der Mensch ist erst wirklich tot, wenn niemand mehr an ihn denkt.(Bertolt Brecht)
Liebe ist die stärkste Macht der Welt, und doch ist sie die demütigste, die man sich vorstellen kann.(Mahatma Gandhi)
Glaubst Du, man könne in Bewunderung mit etwas verkehren, ohne es nachzuahmen?(Platon)
Die meisten Menschen brauchen mehr Liebe, als sie verdienen.(Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach)
Um einen falschen Gedanken mit Erfolg zu widerlegen, muß man bekanntlich ein ganzes Buch schreiben, und den, der den Ausspruch getan hat, überzeugt man doch nicht.(Otto von Bismarck)
Die Liebe ist einäugig, aber Hass gänzlich blind.(Berthold Auerbach)
Willst du den Charakter eines Menschen kennen, gib ihm Macht.(Abraham Lincoln)
Die Mathematik als Fachgebiet ist so ernst, daß man keine Gelegenheit versäumen sollte, dieses Fachgebiet unterhaltsamer zu gestalten.(Blaise Pascal)
A good friend asks what you're thinking. A best friend is already telling you it's a bad idea.
For the world you are someone but for someone you are the world.
Often in life we forget the things we should remember and remember the things we should forget.
Love is like a piece of gold, hard to find and hard to hold.
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
It's nice to be important, but more important to be nice.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Lincoln: He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help.
Hemingway: The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Franklin: If everyone is thinking alike, then no one is thinking.
Believe in those who seek the truth - and doubt everyone who has found it.
Twain: We have the best government that money can buy.
Churchill: We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.
Wilde: Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Twain: The human race has only one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. The moment it arises, all your irritations and resentments slip away and the sunny spirit takes their place.
Aim for service and success will follow.
Franklin: Content makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.
Drucker: It is easier to come up with new ideas than it is to let go of the old ones.
Waitley: It is not what you are that holds you back - but what you believe not to be.
Shakespeare: Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
Norris: Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.(William Shakespeare)
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.(Oscar Wilde)
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.(Oscar Wilde)
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.(Bob Marley)
Life's hard. It's even harder when you're stupid.(John Wayne)
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.(William Shakespeare)
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.(Mahatma Gandhi)
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.(Marilyn Monroe)
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.(Mae West)
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.(Charles William Eliot)
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.(Albert Einstein)
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.(Ayn Rand)
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.(Mark Twain)
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.(Woody Allen)
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.(Charles Bukowski)
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.(Leo Tolstoy)
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.(Haruki Murakami)
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.(Winston Churchill)
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.(Joseph Conrad)
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.(Lady Gaga)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.(Marilyn Monroe)
Not the fastest horse can catch a word spoken in anger.(Chinese Proverb)
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.(Harper Lee)
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them. (Samuel Butler)
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.(Martin Luther King, Jr.)
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.(Albert Einstein)
So many books, so little time.(Frank Zappa)
